
using default nominals
received nominals
asked for help
triangle command implemented
started new session
using default nominals
received nominals
triangle command implemented
star command implemented
loaded last save
triangle command implemented
star command implemented
loaded last save
star command implemented
triangle command implemented
loaded last save
parallel command implemented
consistent command implemented
triangle command implemented
star command implemented
star command implemented
using default nominals
received nominals
received nominals
using default nominals
received nominals
received nominals
using default nominals
received nominals
received nominals
using default nominals
received nominals
received nominals
using default nominals
received nominals
received nominals
triangle command implemented
using default nominals
received nominals
received nominals
triangle command implemented
parallel command implemented
consistent command implemented
asked for help
star command implemented
using default nominals
received nominals
received nominals
using default nominals
received nominals
received nominals
triangle command implemented
using default nominals
received nominals
received nominals
Error took place, new session started
asked for help
using default nominals
received nominals
received nominals
asked for help
